to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children to create immediate and lasting change by improving health, education and economic opportunities.
to spread ideas.
The increase and diffusion of knowledge.
Lifting the spirits of America’s troops and their families.
to inspire and empower people affected by cancer. to bring a permanent end to LRA atrocities. Celebrating Animals, Confronting Cruelty. To honor and empower wounded warriors. To create lasting solutions to poverty, hunger, and social injustice.
A better world through kindness to animals. To serve individuals and families in the poorest communities in the world. To conserve the lands and waters on which all life depends.
To find a cure for diabetes and its complications through the support of research.
To preserve the natural systems on which all life depends.
To create content that educates, informs and inspires. Inspiring Americans to protect wildlife for our children’s future. To build healthier lives, free of cardiovascular diseases and stroke.
To work with communities to end hunger and poverty and care for the Earth.
To provide effective means for the prevention of cruelty to animals throughout the United States.
We are a non-profit organization with a mission to connect people through lending to alleviate poverty.
To inspire lifelong learning, advance knowledge, and strengthen our communities.
dedicated to the protection of all native animals and plants in their natural communities.
We help moms have full-term pregnancies and research the problems that threaten the health of babies.
to inspire conservation of the oceans.
To undertake research and action focused on preventing and ending grave abuses of these rights.
To prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes.
bringing clean, safe drinking water to people in developing countries.
To provide better care of the sick, investigation into their problems, and further education of those who serve.
To lead people worldwide into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ and to strengthen the local church.
to achieve lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality.
growing the movement of leaders who work to ensure that kids growing up in poverty get an excellent education.
to protect and enhance America’s National Park System for present and future generations.
To inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives.
fights for the survival and development of the world’s most vulnerable children and protects their basic human rights.
To feed America’s hungry through a nationwide network of member food banks and engage our country in the fight to end hunger.
develops, supports, and stewards legal and technical infrastructure that maximizes digital creativity, sharing, and innovation.
We grant the wishes of children with life-threatening medical conditions to enrich the human experience with hope, strength and joy.
To enhance quality of life for all as we age. We lead positive social change and deliver value to members through information, advocacy and service.
prevents and alleviates human suffering in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.
Cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin’s disease and myeloma, and improve the quality of life of patients and their families.
Seeking to put God’s love into action
bringing people together to build homes, communities and hope.
We mobilize people and resources to drive research for a cure and to address the challenges of everyone affected by MS.
conservation, education, and recreation dedicated to the reproduction, protection, and exhibition of animals, plants, and their habitats.
To conserve and restore natural ecosystems, focusing on birds, other wildlife, and their habitats for the benefit of humanity and the earth’s biological diversity.
To prepare young people to make ethical and moral choices over their lifetimes by instilling in them the values of the Scout Oath and Law.
To inspire hope and contribute to health and well-being by providing the best care to every patient through integrated clinical practice, education and research.
fighting every minute of every day to finish what we started and achieve our vision of a world without breast cancer.
conserves, restores, and manages wetlands and associated habitats for North America’s waterfowl. These habitats also benefit other wildlife and people.
working in nearly 70 countries providing medical aid to those most in need regardless of their race, religion, or political affiliation.
To work in partnership with member stations to create a more informed public – one challenged and invigorated by a deeper understanding and appreciation of events, ideas and cultures.
To enable Rotarians to advance world understanding, goodwill, and peace through the improvement of health, the support of education, and the alleviation of poverty.
